Add long term vision to team page (#4516)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/small-teams/experimentation/index.mdx

## Feature ownership
You can find out more about the features we own [here](/handbook/engineering/feature-ownership)

## Long term vision

> Imagine Alice is a product manager, and Bob is an engineer, both of whom love using PostHog. They're building a new feature together, but they're unsure of the impact, so Alice & Bob decide to gate the feature via a feature flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imagine Alice is a product manager, and Bob is an engineer, both of whom love using PostHog. 

During their weekly growth review, Posthog shows them that one of their workflows is performing 50% worse than other Saas companies with a similar flow. They decide to build a new feature together, but they're unsure of the impact, so Alice & Bob decide to gate the feature via a feature flag.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Imagine Alice is a product manager, and Bob is an engineer, both of whom love using PostHog. They're building a new feature together, but they're unsure of the impact, so Alice & Bob decide to gate the feature via a feature flag.

During their weekly growth review, Posthog shows them that one of their workflows is performing 50% worse than other SaaS companies with a similar flow. They decide to build a new feature together, but they're unsure of the impact, so Alice & Bob decide to gate the feature via a feature flag.
```

Just tightening Luke's edit.

> Bob runs the PostHog CLI, which automatically converts his branch to a feature flagged version. Alice then sets up auto-rollback on this feature flag using the PostHog UI: If their conversion metric falls more than 20%, the feature must be automatically rolled back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bob builds the feature and runs the PostHog CLI, automatically converting his feature branch to a feature-flagged version. During creation, he selects the team template they normally use "Autorollout based on conversion metric" using the conversion metric that Posthog suggested. The feature progressively rolls out to internal users, then to beta users, then progressively to the remaining users. If their conversion metric falls more than 20% or the counter metrics drop, the feature automatically rolls back and alerts their team. Bob requests a feature flag review from Alice.
```

> Bob feels this isn't enough, and also adds a condition for Sentry errors increasing by 30%. This should result in an automatic rollback as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alice checks the Posthog UI and because it's such an important feature - adds a safety condition for Sentry errors increasing by 30% and a few counter metrics. This should result in an automatic rollback as well. Alice starts the experiment.
```

As it turns out, people in USA and India love their new feature, having a 40% increase in conversion, but other countries, specially the UK, seem to dislike it, so much so that it negatively affects conversion. In the end, these forces balance out, leading to similar total conversion rates.

They suspect it might have something to do with their positioning in other countries, so they run a marketing experiment using PostHog, where PostHog automatically generates recommended copy text to try out. It generates 5 variants, and they test these in all countries.

As it turns out, copy wasn't the issue, and there's no significant change here. They watch a few recordings from the experiment to confirm there's nothing off here.

Since it's not a positioning issue, Alice & Bob decide that it makes sense to introduce some personalisation, and let people opt-in to the new feature, and have it on by default for USA and India. They can customise this right from the feature flag, and set this up such that any users who opt-in on their UI automatically get the flag.

> PostHog keeps analysing metrics for this flag over time, and notifies Alice and Bob when their customers behaviour change. For example, if the conversion for users in UK has taken a turn for the better, or if enterprise customers have taken a turn for the worse.

Reviewer: should we add a paragraph about automatic feature flag removal?

Author: was considering this, but didn't feel important enough to me to put in here. Ending at the above paragraph feels more powerful to me 😅 .

## Feature ownership
You can find out more about the features we own [here](/handbook/engineering/feature-ownership)

## Long term vision

Imagine Alice is a product manager, and Bob is an engineer, both of whom love using PostHog. 

During their weekly growth review, Posthog shows them that one of their workflows is performing 50% worse than other SaaS companies with a similar flow. They decide to build a new feature together, but they're unsure of the impact, so Alice & Bob decide to gate the feature via a feature flag.

> Bob runs the PostHog CLI, which automatically converts his branch to a feature flagged version. Alice then sets up auto-rollback on this feature flag using the PostHog UI: If their conversion metric falls more than 20%, the feature must be automatically rolled back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bob runs the PostHog CLI, which automatically converts his branch to a feature flagged version.
```

This sentence was redundant now we have the info below
